Finally start updating the public roadmap (#2831)
DFE-Digital/register-early-career-teachers-public: documentation/site/content/product/roadmap/next.md

We will:

* explore how we can reduce the workload burden of registration and management of ECT training and induction for schools
* look at how we can improve the API to better meet the needs of lead providers and reduce their workload

> * extend our API so it can also meet the needs of appropriate bodies, so they can more quickly access induction data for teachers

Reviewer: We can only commit to "exploring" this at the moment

> * extend our API so it can also meet the needs of appropriate bodies, so they can more quickly access induction data for teachers

Author: ```suggestion
* explore extending our API so it can also meet the needs of appropriate bodies, so they can more quickly access induction data for teachers
```
